Dan, I know what the tools are.
Marcus.
Mr. Gambino.
I think you should understand it.
You're not welcome here anymore.
I can say the same thing to you, John.
So am Mr. Gambino.
Since your son's here, why does he tell us?
Where are the tools?
Fred, there's a misunderstanding.
The Gambino family is and always will be an ally
to the Wade family.
Is that so?
Is that why you had your son James here, team up with John?
It's a commit treason.
Shut up!
What are the missing jewels?
Exactly.
James gave it to Betty's friend as a present.
And here's another piece.
You got it off a man that James hired.
What else James told me, Mr. Gambino,
is that you know where the rest of the jewels are.